"# Project3" 
•	Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
    o	This Item tracking program was developed to help the Corner Grocer analyze their sales data and optimize their inventory layout. The program processes the data to count the frequency of each item sold and provides various reporting functionalities such as item frequency and displaying a histogram. A program such as this one can help the store understand which items are most frequently sold. 
•	What did you do particularly well?
    o	The encapsulation of the grocery item data within a class and using a separate class to manage the data was a strong point in my programming. Another valuable part in this program that I felt confident in was the use of input validation and error handling to enhance the programs reliability and user experience. 
•	Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
    o	One potential improvement that can be made on this program is in the handling of memory manafement for dynamically allocated object. By switching to smart pointers, such as std::shared_ptr or std::unique_ptr, the program can automatically manage the lifetime of these objects, reducing the risk of memory leaks and making the code safer and more maintainable. Another addition that would be to improve user interaction would be in implementing a GUI framework. 
•	Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
    o	The most challenging part of this code was implementing the functionality to update item quantities withing a std:set. This had to be done by carefully implementing pointers and ensuring memory was handled correctly to avoid leaks. This proved to be tricky. To overcome this I continued to resort back to the learning material provided by ZyBooks and also used information on Stack Overflow. 
•	What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
    o	Skills from this project that are transferable to other projects include object-oriented programming, effective use of standard library data structures, input validation, and error handling. Additionally, the ability to design modular and reusable code components and implement efficient data processing algorithms will be valuable in a wide range of software development tasks. The practice of writing maintainable and readable code, along with thorough documentation, is also highly transferable to any software development scenario.
•	How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
    o	The use of data encapsulation and functionality within classes promotes reusability and modularity. Using input validation for our menu items allowed the program to function without any errors or crashes. This improves user interaction. In the same nature the use of constants as menu items also reduces the risk of errors. The strong use of efficient data structures is also a key in making the program efficient. 
